# Casino Lab
The program will loop, asking the user for a bet amount from 0 to 100 (assume dollars, you can use ints or longs).  
If the user types a 0 that means she wants to quit.  Otherwise, accept the amount as their bet and simulate a slot machine pull.  
The program will print out a line that looks like a slot machine result containing three strings.  
Some examples are:  BAR  7  BAR, 7  7  cherries, cherries  BAR  space, space  BAR  BAR, or cherries  cherries  BAR.

    Each of the three positions in the string could be one of the following:  "BAR", "7", "cherries" or "space". 
    Each of the three output positions must be generated by your program randomly with probabilities:
        space       1/2   (50%)
        cherries 1/4  (25%)
        BAR          1/8  (12.5%)
        7              1/8  (12.5%)
        Therefore, space should be the most frequent symbol seen and BAR or 7 the least frequent.
    The following combinations should pay the bet as shown (note ORDER MATTERS):
        cherries  [not cherries]  [any] pays 5 × bet (5 times the bet)
        cherries  cherries  [not cherries] pays 15 × bet
        cherries  cherries  cherries pays 30 × bet
        BAR  BAR  BARpays 50 × bet
        7  7  7 pays 100 × bet
    After the pull, display the three strings regardless of the outcome.  
    If the user did not win, tell him/her "Sorry, you lose.".  
    If he won, pay him by displaying his winnings (his original bet times the winning factor from the above table).  
    Then, repeat the whole process by requesting another bet amount.

Position counts! If you read the above bullet that contains the warning "ORDER MATTERS", you will see that cherries bar cherries pays 5× while cherries cherries bar pays 15× and bar cherries cherries pays nothing.
